Why is it you again?
Shit
I, I, you, you are being watched by two dirty things
I won't sleep with you, what are you pretending to be?
You don't open the door, do you?
Then I really threw away the good wine and meat this time.
Want oops
What's dirty?
My second dog has never seen anything.
Hey, come in, come in
Brother Liang, you said the scourge is coming
You are not afraid
Humph
I didn't blow
Our dogs are naturally angry and fearless
When I saw that scourge, I had to walk around
Brother, don't worry.
I'm sleeping peacefully.
Can't sleep?
You don't even know when he'll be back
Smoke, I heard the old man in the village say
This scourge is looking for someone
Pen Spirit knocks on the door
The door knocks three times
Goku, you will listen with your ears pricked up in a while
Doom comes when you hear a knock on the door.
Ah Mr. Liang
Coming, coming.
Who are you
You tease me again
You sneak back into your butt bed and try it
It's not Li Ergou, you're not done, are you?
No, no, it's not me this time
Open the door for my sister on the first day of junior high school
roll
Let's go, my ghost daughter-in-law is coming to the door
You can't last long
Hurry up and think of a way